laughing kidding guys we are
arrived at 5,000 registered a goal
fantastic for what is mine
person my channel say they are
really happy and happy and
thrilled to have come to this
goal counting that in September
when I returned from summer vacation
we were about 800 900 then in these
months there have been so many many
people who interacted with me
lots of new members and lots of new videos
many new ones
in short, the channel is evolving a
month after month, week after weeks
is slowly becoming what I am
I had dreamed and imagined it was mine
youtube channel and all that derives
from the youtube channel
when I started I started this project
for that reason this
week the programming let's say
canonica will undergo small variations
today was supposed to be the bounty day
hunters but it won't be tomorrow
I will publish another video that has to
do with my 5 thousand subscribers then vi
in short, I will say later in this brief
log because I want to dedicate these in
these two days this week
we say to you
for this the first video of the
week that today, Monday and she will be more
therefore a question lancer then
questions and answers that you will do to me
then below in the bombed comments
there are the only constraints that you have
I put is to comment with the ashtag
ascani then later the
question that you will make me had I made a
clooney long ago to which I could not
reply I could not complete
in short, let's say the video with the answers
because in the while I was taken the
so many things work university
and also the youtube channel that anyway
I had videos to make
they must therefore have me
taken away some time I am not
managed to find time to do a
decently mounted video for
more answers and her but I'm going to
refer back with this then bombarded with
questions of any personal nature me
does not enter destiny inherent in video games
cinema-related inherent in the series
tv in short, anything because you know
that is now the panic studios yes
they deal with destinies and will take care of
always by destiny
but it is not said that in parallel yes
others may develop
talk about other video games maybe
something
maybe even drain things sporadically
in short, then ask me questions about it
that hell where it seems I also invite you to
don't miss the video tomorrow
afternoon I mentioned a few
second ago because it will be the contest for i
5000 subscribers therefore tomorrow
I will propose another blog where there is
Now, after the contest explain what
what having what i give you how
I'll give this to you, you have to do
and so on and so on and I wanted
also take the opportunity of this
team and you to ask me a question
so when are you going to do one
asks the question with below i
comments I would like you to answer to
this is my question I am asking you
since destinies we say that it is now
in a stalled phase
but apart from this I consider mine
wider speech then from here to
I continue my channel forever
do you want or would you like me to start a
bring you some more video games maybe
in depth then I tell you
already for sure I will deal with the 5 star
battlefront wars is probably star
wars excuse me halo with a simple one
let's play so we'll play it
campaign to all together and with some
multiplayer video instead beats the front
star wars I wanted to develop a speech
similar to that of destiny then guides
so let's say imprint the channel on
also star wars battlefront but in
while there are lots of eau games
and lots of other youtubers and channels
youtube make the former simple play
gameplay sporadic games of a game
in other words, you want it to begin
I too do these things here with guides
simple simple video games maybe
let me also know the game below
you want me to do some things for example
reviews and video games that come out
so when it is a new game I will
I do a video review but well mounted
written you know that I work with
real boys so I'm learning
let's say the job of the reviewer 15
I'm also able to get reviews
you want something like this then
you want a little bit more variety on
contents we are 5 thousand so I am
it seems more than fair to ask you if you are
it may affect a little thing like that
let me know below in the comments
I remind you more and she to schifani that
auction
with the one written here how to put it up
followed by the answer to this question
that I did so you want to see
other games on the poles studios you want
see others maybe reviews or
Simple gameplay will be played fucking for
make us laugh that you play like things
in short, let me know what you would like
see and that for now has not yet me
brought and then ask me your question
I will answer this video on Monday
next then we say that maybe the
bounty hunters series stops
for these two weeks because me
I want to dedicate to you seriously
then answer your questions
listen to you because I have to thank you
of these 5 thousand members or embrace you
really many could vibrance
rai one by one and nothing we see each other
tomorrow with the contest I remind you
bomb the topics of questions below and
you will get your answer next
I'll see you tomorrow with the next one
video a greeting to the father who boys and
thanks again wow